# Parameters used in multiple functions

Reused parameter definitions are gathered here for easier usage.

## Arguments

- bDebug:

  \`logical\` Print debug messages? Default: \`FALSE\`.

- dfBounds:

  \`data.frame\` Set of predicted percentages/rates and upper- and
  lower-bounds across the full range of sample sizes/total exposure
  values for reporting. Created by passing \`dfResults\` and
  \`dfMetrics\` to \[MakeBounds()\]. Expected columns: \`Threshold\`,
  \`Denominator\`, \`Numerator\`, \`Metric\`, \`MetricID\`, \`StudyID\`,
  \`SnapshotDate\`.

- dfGroups:

  \`data.frame\` Group-level metadata dictionary. Created by passing
  CTMS site and study data to \[MakeLongMeta()\]. Expected columns:
  \`GroupID\`, \`GroupLevel\`, \`Param\`, \`Value\`.

- dfInput:

  \`data.frame\` Input data with one record per subject. Created by
  passing Raw+ data into \[Input_Rate()\]. Expected columns:
  \`GroupID\`, \`GroupLevel\`, \`Numerator\`, \`Denominator\` and/or
  columns specified in \`strCountCol\` and \`strGroupCol\`.

- dfMetrics:

  \`data.frame\` Metric-specific metadata for use in charts and
  reporting. Created by passing an \`lWorkflow\` object to
  \[MakeMetric()\]. Expected columns: \`File\`, \`MetricID\`, \`Group\`,
  \`Abbreviation\`, \`Metric\`, \`Numerator\`, \`Denominator\`,
  \`Model\`, \`Score\`, and \`Threshold\`. For more details see the Data
  Model vignette: \`vignette("DataModel", package = "gsm.core")\`.

- dfResults:

  \`data.frame\` A stacked summary of analysis pipeline output. Created
  by passing a list of results returned by \[Summarize()\] to
  \[BindResults()\]. Expected columns: \`GroupID\`, \`GroupLevel\`,
  \`Numerator\`, \`Denominator\`, \`Metric\`, \`Score\`, \`Flag\`,
  \`MetricID\`, \`StudyID\`, \`SnapshotDate\`.

- lMetric:

  \`list\` Metric-specific metadata for use in charts and reporting.
  Created by passing an \`lWorkflow\` object to \[MakeMetric()\] and
  turing it into a list. Expected columns: \`File\`,\`MetricID\`,
  \`Group\`, \`Abbreviation\`, \`Metric\`, \`Numerator\`,
  \`Denominator\`, \`Model\`, \`Score\`, and \`strThreshold\`. For more
  details see the Data Model vignette: \`vignette("DataModel", package =
  "gsm.kri")\`.

- lParamLabels:

  \`list\` Labels for parameters, with the parameters as names, and the
  label as value.

- strOutputLabel:

  \`character\` Label describing the output object, which is assigned to
  the \`output_label\` attribute of the output object and appears in the
  report generated by \[gsm.kri::Report_KRI()\]..
